today I'm using add-on garage retro
classic a Rivera Kiana studio an open
back 1/12 gap a couple of solid cables
tortugas standard-issue phaser
so I based standard-issue phaser on a
classic phase 90 but an old one the one
that's got less of that upper mid-range
nasally kind of yeah I never liked out
of phasers and it's got more warmth and
richness to it almost like a rotating
speaker thick but not quite because for
that you should buy a Neptune but anyway
this is very cool in the fact that you
have really two identical sets of
controls and you can switch between so
it's like having 2 phasers in one stun
and kill and yes they are exactly the
same force and with on each one of them
do the same things but you can set them
up however you like
force being depth with being rate but
those are boring so force them with
their cooler so for instance here's the
guitar unclean by itself
let's turn on the fader
turn up our force we get a little bit
more back in there but then you've got a
completely separate channel you can
switch between on-the-fly and I like to
set this one up since it's got the name
kill a little bit more drastic of course
it's got all different kinds of things
you can do you can keep your depth down
turn your rate up and get
so here's what it sounds like on a game
down and here's the amp by itself and of
course here's the sound everybody wants
to use a phaser for of course you've
you've always got the kill channel to do
cool sounds like this
of course can go back together one and
still do or that if you want to because
you got the two very cool different
channels